estrada and that is being carried out here in the sector of the parish the
valley with the commando officer joseph félix sánchez to give us the
report so far
good so far in the parish valley and car
we have attended an approximate of about 35 service of all soon the
5 in the afternoon not
they are a consequence of being a year
in remarkably we have had service span in iraq and in the part in the
parish the valley
in the sector san andrés
p where minors died unfortunately
efe a girl of 12 years
not a child
eight years
efficiently good note commissions were presented high part
had that I think will come with the motorized theory
four large vehicles do not reach that popular sector
and good, they were efficiently demure, sadly deceased person
notably also
by the way there is 1 event of consideration
in the car parish
lockheed not going up with the Pan American that on 18th Street
the petén eset that parish there collapsed a good amount of
exactly 30 of Vienna
where is where 11 87 people were staying
p there is a total look of housing each central valley and cars of 94 homes
affected
There is something to note also that 17th Street
in it they gathered 16 vehicles
it gives you tracing was for the cause of del del
of the water
go discarding about 40 people to be involved in its design and product
your
Of transport
how many officials have participated are participating in this
work
good of esteve this parish where they exist without costs of fireman
there is an approximate 32 man
with six vehicles of its price between rescue and ambulances at this time
official air let's say what would be the recommendations that this one can
give now the people who want to get to your house and who will act and the
heavy rainfall that was recorded today lg chem little
disney
good in vehicles the first recommendation that I love is that they take the
motorway since
the intercommunal avenue is state parish are totally collapsed
for the mud was a quantity of water from
of these was his height
baptized to the highway and I say relation to people who walk
so the local more mind
i percent and if one observe percent
less favorable conditions for their displacement
communicate with 1 7 to 1
blind there will be prompt response in addition to the articulation with the community of the
zone for
help in the removal of debris
july alak
in this popular sector remarkably efficient very collaborators
they have not replaced when these man firefighters who are tired
it has had to replace or with samples par in others and with other
ropes
very remarkable his collaboration
errors in the rear
from the parish the valley on 2 street
the street 12 san antonio to the street 18 that the name
already previously
n that hand and this street 17 that was notably flooded that this
retained can
a 16 vehicle poets people trapped and can come out spawning and
proposal fails what good to note that there is a station
who of this the parking lot is not obligated motorized
would be little second goal to the tension
efficiently
and it
efe managed to rescue these 40 people grief and debris that was in that
station
daniela zz totally
in the parish the valley
is totally controlled all our automotive park is in its stations
for this moment
but there is always something secondary not
of those people
when they wake up in the morning
they notice that their house has cracks
has not moved the doors do not open because of this time this prison was
that make the walls glimpse
efe for the doors
comes again we go to opel has patent
and imprisonment and census this person
as I told him in the morning when they wake up
after bento will recently be shot on alert before the tas
24 hours
huge and momo and
this was one that also noticed state so here
we were receiving support may another operational area maya bomberiles
center
efe
to
all that big event
successive and
and strong can
eric they went all together
in five hours
without fat so the statements of Jose Felix Sanchez l officer
command
he has stressed that the appointment is cow is totally controlled but that without
embargo
they will remain on alert 24 hours a day
click for the people that he does not require it they can call some 7 a
some and of course they are going to do immediately attended by the firemen here
of the sector the valley for the most type and we return to the studies further
for this demand
to accompany to install but with less intensity